Everything I did was constantly on a scale of one to ten,
making me feel really obsessed,
taking away my free will.
I was chained by monotony,
trapped in a system where time was collapsed
and no one even bothered to think.
But why did I feel so good doing the unexpected?
Actions always have their own consequences,
sometimes good, sometimes bad.
The latter for some people can be a permanent state,
but for others can be transitory to get to a better place.
Loneliness is always seen as a terrible emotion,
but for me it was the price to escape from society
and achieve my goal.
That's why I finally decided to delete myself and disappear.
Since I’ve been gone I’ve never felt so free.
I finally have the freedom to choose,
which I’ve been waiting for all this time.
Yet now, that nothing tells me who I must be,
I’m lost finding myself, constantly asking myself,
who am I now that I’m really me?